[doc] add 3rd party libs integrations for expo-sqlite/next (#26205)
expo/expo: docs/pages/versions/unversioned/sdk/sqlite-next.mdx

expect(row.data).toEqual(blob);
```

> ## Third-party libraries integrations

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Third-party library integrations
```

> The `expo-sqlite` library is designed to be a solid SQLite foundation. It enables broader integrations with third-party libraries for more advanced features. Here are some of the libraries that you can use with `expo-sqlite`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `expo-sqlite` library is designed to be a solid SQLite foundation. It enables broader integrations with third-party libraries for more advanced higher-level features. Here are some of the libraries that you can use with `expo-sqlite`.
```

### Drizzle ORM

> [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team/) is a headless TypeScript ORM with a head. Runs on Node, Bun and Deno. Lives on the Edge and yes, it's a JavaScript ORM too! It comes with a [drizzle-kit](https://orm.drizzle.team/kit-docs/overview) CLI companion for automatic SQL migrations generation and it is Expo ready.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team/) is a ["headless TypeScript ORM with a head"](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/overview). It runs on Node, Bun, Deno, and React Native. It also comes with a [CLI compansion called drizzle-kit](https://orm.drizzle.team/kit-docs/overview) for generating SQL migrations.
```

> [Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team/) is a ["headless TypeScript ORM with a head"](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/overview). It runs on Node, Bun, Deno, and React Native. It also comes with a [CLI compansion called drizzle-kit](https://orm.drizzle.team/kit-docs/overview) for generating SQL migrations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Drizzle](https://orm.drizzle.team/) is a ["headless TypeScript ORM with a head"](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/overview). It runs on Node.js, Bun, Deno, and React Native. It also has a CLI compansion called [`drizzle-kit`](https://orm.drizzle.team/kit-docs/overview) for generating SQL migrations.
```

Let's highlight the CLI tool/package name with inline code highlight and for link, only highlight the library name as well.

Check out the [Drizzle ORM documentation](https://orm.drizzle.team/) and the [`expo-sqlite` integration guide](https://orm.drizzle.team/docs/get-started-sqlite#expo-sqlite) for more details.

### Knex.js

> [Knex.js](https://knexjs.org/) is a SQL query builder that is flexible, portable, and fun to use!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Knex.js](https://knexjs.org/) is a SQL query builder that is ["flexible, portable, and fun to use!"](https://github.com/knex/knex)
```
